Asya'la: Do you have a minute?

    Player: Not right now.
    
        Asya'la: Oh... okay, another time then.
        
    Player: Sure, what do you need?
    
        Asya'la: Someting has been bothering me for a while, even before I met you. Have I told you about my mentor?
        
                Player: Remind me.
                
                        Asya'la: Her name was Jah'alaka, she was strict and unforgiving but is also a big reason that I am who I am today. I have a lot to thank her for. I'll be honest, I didn't like her at first but when she started discussing Khajiiti culture I gote entralled. It opened my eyes as to who I am. My favorite lessons covered the old Khajiiti tales, she had a way of spinning those stories into breathtaking tapestries of song. I love it. I hope to see her again some day. It's been so long since we last talked.
                        (Continue to "Thinking about her a lot lately.)
                        
                Player: Yes, what about her?
                
                        Asya'la: I've just been thinking about her a lot lately. Being here in the Nordic homeland has had me thinking about myself. I'm a walking contridiction, a Nordic Khajiit? It's ridiculous.
                        
                                Player: Yes, you are pretty odd.
                                
                                        Asya'la: Exactly.
                                        (Continue to "Who am I?")                   
                        
                                Player: It's not ridiculous, you are who are you.
                                
                                       Asya'la: Who am I? Am I a Nord or am I a Khajiit? My parents thought that bringing in a teacher would help me cope with who I was, but it has just left me more confused that ever. I've always considered myself a Nord, but I cannot deny that I am covered in fur and have pointed ears.
                                
                                                Player: I don't really care. We should get moving.
                                                    
                                                        Asya'la: Thanks. Big help.
                                                        (End conversation)
                                                        
                                                Player: Well you were brought up as a Nord, you shouldn't overthink who you are.
                                                
                                                        Asya'la: Perhaps... but I'm still unlike any other Nord. No Nord is effected by the Moons like I am. I worship Ja-kha'jay because they have an undeniable impact on me and all Khajiit. Even simple things like my fur, a normal Nord don't have to worry about mussing their fur everytime it rains.
                                                
                                                                Player: Sorry Asya'la, I don't have the answers.
                                                                
                                                                        Asya'la: I guess I don't expect you too.
                                                                        (Continue to "I need to think about this myself.")
                                                                        
                                                                Player: Being a Nord isn't just about who you are.
                                                                (Continue to "You're right...)
                                                                
                                                                Player: Anyone can be born with the heart of a Nord. Look at this, an elf was once the Harbinger of the Companions. (Give Asya'la Great Harbingers of the Companions)
(Conditioned for the player to have this text in their inventory.
                                                                        Asya'la: Wow. I didn't know about Henantier.
                                                                        (Continue to "I need to think about this myself.")
                                                
                                                Player: You're a Khajiit, don't deny that.
                                                
                                                        Asya'la: I am, but I can't just turn my back on everything I've ever known. I may be a Khajiit by birth, but I don't think I'll ever stop being a Nord at heart. I'm just so unlike any other Nord...
                                                        
                                                                Player: Sorry Asya'la, I don't have the answers.
                                                                
                                                                        Asya'la: I guess I don't expect you too.
                                                                        (Continue to "I need to think about this myself.")
                                                                        
                                                                Player: When the ship carrying you crashed on Kottheim you were robbed a Khajiiti life, now you have the chance to live the life you were supposed to have.
                                                                
                                                                        Asya'la: My life wasn't ruined, I love my parents very much and Kottheim will always be my home.
                                                                        (Continue to "I need to think about this myself.")
                                                
                                                Player: Why can't you be both?
                                                
                                                        Asya'la: I don't know how to be both. How can I reconcile these two sides of me?
                                                        
                                                                Player: Sorry Asya'la, I don't have the answers.
                                                                
                                                                        Asya'la: I guess I don't expect you too.
                                                                        (Continue to "I need to think about this myself.")
                                                        
                                                                Player: Being yourself isn't always easy, but you are undeniably both.
                                                                
                                                                        Asya'la: You're right... I need to think about this by myself. Thank you for this talk, let's get going.
